in this video I want to walk you through
the basics of retargeting on LinkedIn
ads if you're watching this video you
are getting started with LinkedIn ads
for the first time that is my assumption
you are a beginner and you want to make
sure you do this right because
retargeting is one of those things that
it could be used for good or for evil
right meaning you can create positive
associations with your brand and you can
create absolutely negative associations
with your brand with people who are just
annoyed and pissed off because you just
keep spamming them with ads and you're
not creating a good experience if this
is your first I'm here on this channel
my name is syia Perez I am the founder
of AD conversion we teach over 5,000
plus B2B marketers how to scale ads with
our free courses on LinkedIn Google and
other topics and I also run an ad agency
managing over $3 million a month in ad
spend for top B2B SAS Brands and
Linkedin is a core essential of our
toolkit as B2B advertisers so in this
video let's break down the basics and
I'm going to explain this to you like if
you were somebody on my team or if
you're a client to really walk you
through uh what you need to know to get
started with LinkedIn ads conceptually
so you understand how to think about it
the common traps to avoid so then now
when you actually walk into the ad
manager you're equipped with like the
foundational knowledge to actually have
a shot at creating a positive experience
for your users with remarketing so let's
get started at a very very high level
what you don't want to do with
remarketing and then we'll kind of dive
into what good remarketing actually
looks like so uh you know bear with me
in my my drawings here but basically the
way people do remarketing today uh on
LinkedIn and and most platforms but
specifically LinkedIn is they have uh
you know they have a remarketing
audience and just to like Define
remarketing for everyone here
remarketing is reaching people who
already have engage with your brand in
some way shape or form so there's
different ways that this takes into
effect so these are people that like
have visited your website these are
people that have uh visited you know
your company page on LinkedIn these are
people that have interacted with ads in
the past uh but essentially these are
people that ideally already know like
and trust you or at the very minimum
they know of you it's not their first
time that they've heard of you so they
have this remarketing audience size
right let's just pretend this circle is
your total remarketing audience size and
what most brands do is they basically
just you know they'll only promote one
offer to these people and it's to get a
demo right or it's to get a trial or
it's to get a consultation I did not
mean to spell DDC but there you go
direct to Consumer uh so they're they're
basically just trying to drive some some
like direct action on their primary
offer like it's the equivalent of
basically following some around all day
every day multiple times a day and
you're basically just saying like buy my
stuff or die you know like this is
essentially the equivalent of what we're
doing and as you can imagine this isn't
a very positive experience and then to
add insult to injury not only are you
just following these people all day
every day asking them to sign up for
your stuff you know get a demo trial
whatever your primary thing is but in
addition to that the ads that you're
running are the same ads you've been
running the same set of ads for the past
60 days you haven't refreshed it your
frequency is over 18 you know your
clickr eight is in the in the hole
uh and it's just not a pleasant
experience so this is what we do not
want to do uh so I just want to make
that abundantly clear this is bad
remarketing so on the flip side how do
we do good remarketing how do we create
positive associations and experiences
and do this in a strategic way so the
first thing is we need to understand how
to actually build our retargeting
audience so like I mentioned earlier
your retargeting audience is nothing
more than accumulation of segments so
website visitors company page visitors
ad interactions these are all different
segments and one of the mistakes that I
see people make when they get started
with LinkedIn as retargeting is they
only rely on one segment meaning they're
only relying on website visitors or
they're only relying on people who
visited your company page or they're
only relying on people that interacted
with your ads like what you really want
to do is you want to combine these
different segments together to create a
larger total audience size this will
allow you to really scale your
remarketing audience and then allow you
to get more strategic with how you
filter that size down so for context
like let's pretend in a hypothetical
scenario uh your website visitor
audience only has you know let's just
say uh a th000 people in that audience
if you only have a th000 people in this
audience and then for your company page
visitors let's say you've got another
thousand um and then for your people
who've interacted with your ads you've
got another thousand just for easy math
so in total if we take the size across
the three audiences then here now we
have a total size of 3,000 but the
mistake that most brands make when
they're starting with LinkedIn ads is
they just rely on the one segment so
they pigeon holds to just have the
benefit of the 1,000 which is silly
right like so instead the first thing
you want to do is you want to create
multiple retargeting segments for each
one so as many possible and when you go
into the LinkedIn ads interface and you
go to the plan audience section here
under create audience matched audience
this is where you have the ability to
see what you can retarget by and you've
got a whole bunch of opportunities here
so you've got company page you've got uh
conversions API you've got events you've
got single image ad interactions you've
got website visitors people that
interact with your conversation ads
document interactions Le gen form opens
video viewers each one of these are
opportunities for you to build a larger
retargeting audience size so do not just
rely on one segment you want to build
all of them in its entirety now if
you're asking hey Sylvia that sounds
like a lot of work it is upfront uh this
is what it would look like in practice
it might look something like this you'll
have different segments and then what we
want to do is if you have the ability of
audience size is you want to create
different segments based on time frames
because again we want to create a
positive experience for people where we
move them along uh you know as best as
we can to the best of our ability to try
to drive them build more brand for the
and trust and move them closer to the
point of conversion so for context now
that you're not just relying on one
segment you've created multiple segments
if you have audience size availability
what I recommend that you do is you
build three clusters of remarketing
cohorts so the first one is going to be
30 days the second one is going to be 90
days and then the third one is going to
be
180 days so what we're doing here is we
now have three cohorts of time that we
are going to group our different
remarketing segments underneath so for
context like this 30-day one would be
comprised of web visits it would be
comprised of page visits it would be
comprised of video views Etc right but
you're going to create all these
different segments around the 30-day
time frame and you would repeat the same
exact process for 90 days and 180 days
now if you're watching this video right
now and you're saying hey I'm a new
startup I just installed the LinkedIn
insights tag on my website for the first
time I don't have the luxury of size
then my recommendation to you is just
focus on 90 days to start and just keep
it simple and then you can follow the
rest of the stuff that I'm going to walk
you through um but if you do have the
luxury of size and you have been running
LinkedIn ads uh this is really cool for
you to do so from here now that you've
created all these different segments
you've bucketed them to your cohorts
you're already like so much further off
compared to everyone else uh the next
thing I want you to take in
consideration is what are you actually
going to show people in um your
remarketing campaigns and I'll have a
separate video on this going more into
like remarketing playbooks and like
Advanced strategies around this stuff
but the one thing I want to take away
because this is a Basics video is I want
you to take away the the experience and
how to create that positive Association
so again what we do not want to do is we
don't want to do this right this is is
bad we don't want to just be like hey uh
we went through all this effort of like
creating these three different cohorts
of time we're leveraging more segments
so now that we're leveraging more
segments now we could also apply like
linkedin's filters where like anybody
that's been a part of my remarketing
cohort and they have these specific job
functions or these seniorities These
Things become available to you as an
option now that you've scaled your
remarketing audience size that would not
be an option if you were just relying on
a single segment but anywh who with what
you don't want to do now is like you've
gone through this process of creating
these different cohorts and now all you
do is uh make the same mistake where
you're saying you know uh in this case
you're just saying get a demo right
which is not what we want so so
basically the way you want to think
about this is you want to
create a newsletter uh so let me let me
just explain what I mean by that and uh
like the way the reason I think of
remarketing as a newsletter is because
if you think about the best newsletters
newsletters are a combination of great
content like valuable content but also
offers right they're asking you to do
something and remarketing is basically
the newsletter that everyone is on but
they didn't actually consent to be opted
into but they're on your newsletter
right and and the difference between
like collecting an email and having an
email list is they're on this you know
remarketing newsletter right you've got
this remarketing newsletter of 3,000
people they're on there and you have the
ability to get in front of them and now
it's up to you on how you do that the
difference is of course like they didn't
actually opt in this is just based on
interactions that they've done right and
we can collect that information with the
platforms so when you think about it
from the analogy of a great newsletter
like I said newsletters have a mixture
of content and offers so my
recommendation to you to keep it really
simple and we can go more in futureed
videos is you want to spend 50% of your
budget so
50% should be on content this is content
and this ugly o is offers okay so 5050
so 50% is on content and 50% is on
offers if you just did that that means
half the time you're adding value half
the time you're asking for something now
as far as like what types of content you
should promote there are a few types of
content that I would recommend and like
I said I'll I'll definitely go more in
detail in future videos but content that
works really well here is like social
proof content so these are like video
testimonials case studies basically
using other people to speak on the good
of what you've done for them to create
credibility product marketing content
content where you're educating users
based on the problems you solve and how
your product solves those problems uh in
addition to that uh you can do uh
thought leadership content so content
where you're giving your your Authority
and experience and expertise on certain
topics that are related to what you
solve uh so these are all different
kinds of buckets of content that you
could spend your time promoting 50% of
the time the other 50% of time you can
make the ask hey get the demo sign up
for the free trial uh etc etc right so
if you were to just do this now you are
ahead of the game and terms of mastering
the r targeting Basics and now you'll
create a more positive experience for
people because what you're doing is like
a newsletter you're allowing them to
decide what they want to interact with
right you're giving them these different
opportunities you're showing them
different content you're showing them
these different offers and then they
themselves the user gets to decide what
they want to interact with and then you
can retarget further based on the action
they took meaning I'm showing them all
these ads if they decide to interact
with my demo ads now I can create a
specific retargeting campaign just
retargeting the cluster of people that
visited my demo pages but didn't convert
and trying to get them to take that
action but now I'm retargeting based on
action and not assumption uh again I'm
kind of Dipping into the advanced stuff
here but just a concrete summarize for
you guys right now as beginners starting
with retargeting you do not want to
create this experience where you are
just like pitch slapping them in the
face three times a day uh you also don't
want to make the the mistake of just
relying on one single retargeting
segment maximize your size by combining
multiple segments if you have the
ability to create different cohorts of
segments based on 30 90 and 180 days
that's awesome cuz then what you can do
which is what I'll I'll cover in future
videos is now you can also tailor
different types of content for the
30-day cohort versus the 90-day cohort
versus the 18 180-day cohort right so
now you can give them more of a
sequential experience on what you expose
them with versus uh just showing
everyone the same thing but if you don't
have that luxury that's fine uh just
start with the 90-day one and just show
them everything and then let them decide
what they want to interact with so that
is it for this video if you found it
helpful uh give this video a like drop a
comment down below if what you want to
learn more about and if you guys are
looking for courses on LinkedIn ads like
I said we provide free courses taught by
um the best practitioners 5,000 plus
students learn from our courses we've
got three incredible courses on LinkedIn
ads taught by uh yonberg so LinkedIn ads
101 will give you the fundamentals on
how to get started with LinkedIn how to
launch your first campaigns 102 is all
about optimization now that you've
launched your campaigns how do you make
them better how do you improve them and
then there finally now that you've
improved them how do you do more how do
you scale and he really walks you
through all these different things again
all of our courses are free if you're
like skeptical and you're wondering like
why are they free like the whole reason
I started AC conversion was because I
wanted to create a place in the world
where you can learn how to run ads from
start to finish and not get ripped off
in the process um all of our courses are
shot in a Studio there's workbooks
there's resources there's templates the
only thing for us is if you found value
from our courses you can like them share
them help us spread the word and when
you're ready you can join our private
community and go deeper so that's it for
this video guys thanks so much if you
want more content like this here on
YouTube then make sure to watch this
video here which I think you're going to
like I'll see you in the next one